Variationally consistent mortar friction (#17497)
idaholab/moose: modules/contact/doc/content/source/constraints/ComputeFrictionalForceLMMechanicalContact.md

}
\end{equation}
 

$\lambda_{j}$ is a Lagrange's multiplier that refers to the tangential contact pressure at node $j$, $\tilde{u}_{tj}$ is the weighted tangential velocity integrated forward in time, $\tilde{g}_n)_j$ is the weighted normal gap, $c_{n}$ is a numerical parameter ($c$ in [`ComputeWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact`](/ComputeWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact.md)) and $c_{t}$ is a numerical parameter that can determine convergence properties but has no effect on the results.

The nodal, weighted tangential velocity is computed as
\begin{equation}
\tilde{v}_{tj} = \int_{\gamma_c^{(1)}} \Phi_j v_{t,h} dA
\end{equation}

where $\gamma_c^{(1)}$ denotes the secondary contact interface, $\Phi_j$ is the
j'th lagrange multiplier test function, and $v_{t,h}$ is the discretized version
of the tangential velocity function.

This object automatically enforces normal contact constraints by making calls to its parent class `ComputeWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact`, see [`ComputeWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact`](/ComputeWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact.md) for input parameters and details.

> It is preliminary recommended to select  `c` to be on the order of the moduli of elasticity of the bodies into contact, and `c_t` to be a few orders of magnitude less than `c`. This selection of these purely numerical parameters can represent an initial difficulty when running $new$ models, but they can be held constant once good convergence behavior has been attained.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preliminary recommendation is to select  `c` to be on the order of the moduli of elasticity of the bodies into contact, and `c_t` to be a few orders of magnitude less than `c`. This selection of these purely numerical parameters can represent an initial difficulty when running _new_ models, but they can be held constant once good convergence behavior has been attained.  
```
